Add release notes for 0.57 - 0.43 (#996)
Azure/typespec-azure: docs/release-notes/release-2024-06-11.md

---
title: 0.43.0 June 2024
---

# Release Notes Version 0.43.0 - June 2024

See TypeSpec Core 0.57 [release notes](https://typespec.io/docs/release-notes/release-2024-06-11)

:::warning
This release contains breaking changes and deprecation
:::

## Breaking Changes

### @azure-tools/typespec-autorest

- [#473](https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/pull/473) Enums are not extensible by default anymore. Update to an extensible union `union Foo {a: "a", b: "b", string}`

### @azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-core

- [#925](https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/pull/925) change default of `.access` on a model or enum to `"public"` instead of `undefined`
- [#870](https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/pull/870) return nullable types as a new type called `SdkNullableType`

## Features

### @azure-tools/typespec-autorest

> - [#955](https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/pull/955) Add suppress-lro-options emitter option to control emission of x-ms-long-running-operation-options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#955](https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/pull/955) Use emit-lro-options emitter option to control emission of x-ms-long-running-operation-options
```
